Blog: How to think about your first A/B test (why, when, and where) (#7511)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/what-is-a-growth-engineer.md

- Developing a growth strategy, experiment framework, and measurement for both.
- Doing SEO optimization on the marketing site. Building landing pages. Optimizing the signup funnels.

> - [Running A/B tests](/product-engineers/your-first-ab-test) on specific parts of the signup and activation funnel. Trying to improve the conversion rate and time to value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Running A/B tests](/product-engineers/how-to-do-ab-testing) on specific parts of the signup and activation funnel. Trying to improve the conversion rate and time to value.
```
